INFO:
This package contains a group of programs developed for Stereoscopic Photography applications.
They were developed for NASA and USGS, for calibration and testing of equiptment for use in surveys
of Mars.

The test setup is as folows:
2x Cannon D60 EOS DSLR Cameras
2x Lenses (WHAT KIND?)
Mounting Bar, with horizontal offset of 25.4CM (from center of mounting holes)
2x Alignment Jig, to achive tow-in angle of 2.5 degrees total
Custom Sensor Platform, to measure GPS, Orientation.

CAMERA CONFIG:
The cameras must have the folowing options set for proper function.
-NO flash (must be not be open)
-Program Mode (Or Manual)
-IS off (on lens)
-RAW image format


FUNCTIONS:

./capture.sh:
    Captures images from all attached cameras, saves to indexed folder
    [meant to be replaced by cameras_capgture_image.sh]

./delete-all.sh:
    Removes all files from data card

./poll-status.sh:
    Takes a test-shot and displays header data results

cameras_set_names.sh:
    Loops through attached cameras and checks the value of the ownername
    configuration attribute.  Allows user to change the value if desired.
    Script is designed to allow user to set LEFT and RIGHT camera names.
    
cameras_set_focallength.sh:
    Loops through attached cameras and checks the value fo the camera focal
    length.  The iteration allows the user to change the camera focal lengths
    (manually) until the desired valiues are obtained.

cameras_capture_image.sh:
    Captures images from all attached cameras.  Assumes that the camera names
    (ownername) have been set (e.g., using cameras_set_names.sh) since this
    is used a root to the filename.  Output file(s) format: RAW CRW. (though
    this is NOT explicitly set in this version of the script...it is assumed)
    Image pairs are give a unique timestamp and are saved in the directory 
    in which the command is executed (script can be anywhere in the path).

cameras_change_jpg.py and cameras_change_raw.py:
    Changes the image formats to either small JPG or RAW.  Uses imageformat
    attribute (text) values for a Canon D60 camera.  These are called by
    several camera scripts in this directory.  

cameras_list.py: 
    Displays all attached (and active) cameras and their ports.

cameras_list_ports.py:
    Lists all attached (and active) camera serial ports in a single, space-
    delimited line (e.g., for easy use in shell script loops)

getIMUvalues.py:
    List all IMU board telemetry paremters in a single, space-delimiated line.
